you probably think I'm beautiful dr.
Roberts but I'm not oh my nose is point
two millimeters too narrow and my
cheekbone is 0.4 millimeters too high oh
I do television commercials they want a
certain look I did surgery on several
girls of your months back
commercial actresses and there be some
suicides do you know what's going on
this is more than commercials they're
killing all the girls that are perfect
DMI measured some girls for possible
surgery we were conducting an experiment
hi I'm Cindy I'm the perfect female time
18 to 25 here you see a typical computer
model being made hi I'm Cindy I'm the
perfect female type 18 to 25 what have
you gotten me mixed up in I have a right
to know if somebody's trying to kill me
[Music]